TELCODOCS-1385 - Update docs for 4.14 RAN RDS (#64278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-ran-logging.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-du-components.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-logging_{context}"]
= Logging

New in this release::
* Vector is now the recommended log collector.

Description::
Use logging to collect logs from the far edge node for remote analysis.

Engineering considerations::
* Handling logs beyond the infrastructure and audit logs, for example, from the application workload requires additional CPU and network bandwidth based on additional logging rate.

> * As of 4.14 vector is the reference log collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As of {product-version}, vector is the reference log collector.
```
